You should understand my heart
Mr. Chen, I just got divorced
I know. I've looked into it.
If not for punishment
Secretly report to Mr. Wang about the plan that affects us
Presumably this time
Miss Jiang has returned to the river
I told you
It must be this trash behind the scenes
And there's this kind of nasty way to spoil the situation there
Mr. Wang tried to gag his mouth
I had to give him a promotion ticket as compensation
It's just a pity that our Miss Jiang's payment plan
Not a fairy
I'm fully prepared.
I'll invite the masked singer to the finals.
To your partner
I can think of Director Chen
Also know this
The true meaning of Chinese music education?
Mr. Chen, please
I will definitely give you a cuckold by hand when you set off.